# Solo Project Presentation Prep

## Remote Presentation Hygiene

- Make sure you have a clean zoom background
  - eg. no dirty laundry on the floor
  - Use a "virtual background" if needed
- Pay attention to your lighting
  - Try not be "backlit" by lights or windows. 
  - Use a lamp in front of you if necessary
- Close all open windows, clean up your desktop
- Look nice! Dress nice!
- Pay attention to camera framing. 
  - Your face and shoulders should take up ~70% of the screen.
- Keep your app on your laptop, not on your second monitor, so that you're looking at camera while you present.
- Don't ask "is my mike on? can you see my screen?". I will tell you if I can't hear/see you!
- Don't let chat distract you. Keep it off screen.

## Presentation Outline

Solo project presentations should take 2-4 minutes.
You can have slides if you like.

- What problem are you solving?
    - My wife just texted me stating that she has a desire to watch a movie tonight,
    and I so love the hour it takes due to our collective indesisiveness. 
    We could have half of one in that time.
- What is the solution?
    - Well I am in luck this time I have Flick Finder, and it will pick the movie for us.
        
        
- Demo your app! (~2 minutes)
    - Once logged in add the movies that we want to see and rate them by how much you want to see them.
    Create a viewing, and there you go, instant time savings.
    - Other noted features include a home page with the next schedualed viewings and
    recommendations generated by tensorflow.

            
- Which technologies did you use?
    - In the creation of this application, I used React, Redux, Saga, Express, and Material UI..

    - I also used TensorFlow.js within Node to create the recomendation engine.
            
- What was the toughest challenge you overcame?
    - The toughest and most exciting challenge I overcame was formating uniform and symetrical data for tensorflow.
- What is the 1 (one) next thing you are excited to tackle
   - Now that I have recomendations available through tensorflow, I look forward to adding more movie attributes to the 
    recommendation engine.
        
        
 - I want to shout out to my cohort, to Edan for pointing me into the direction of Machine Learning, to my family for enabling me to be focused on this project.
